hey YouTube what's going on so in
today's video I'm going to be going over
my top must-have apps okay so my first
app is actually in my dock and it is
called tweetbot now the cool thing about
tweetbot is all the gestures that it
supports for instance I can triple tap
on this tweet and I have options to
retweet or quote it I can also swipe and
I'll get more information about this
tweet of course tweeting is also easy I
can just hit the button in the top right
I can add things like hash tags photoes
people all the standard stuff alright so
next is an app called pocket now Puckett
was called read it later because it was
a read it later service what you do is
you essentially just add articles videos
and images from other apps and you can
read it inside of pocket okay so here at
the bottom here is that article we just
added in here I can go ahead and read
the article but even better if I tap on
the screen it'll get rid of the
interface now I have nothing but
whatever i'm reading also i can go ahead
and share with this little sharing
button i can also change my font to
serif if i prefer that I prefer
sans-serif I can also change it to a
night mode or a sepia mode I can even
change the font size to a bunch of
different options and that's really why
I like a pocket alright so my next appt
also is heavy on content and that is
Flipboard Flipboard is great for
catching up with your news here in cover
stories that will show me the top
stories on these pages I can see all of
my different channels for instance I
have the next web channel if I tap on
that it will show me every single story
from The Next Web if i go back to cover
stories basically how this works is it
pulls in maybe one or two stories from
the next web maybe one or two from you
know max stories or giga all if I also
hit this little button in the top right
I can go and add some new topics for
instance we go to top tech and science
there's a bunch different ways different
a bunch of different channels for
instance like cnet I could add that and
now it'll show up in my cover stories
overall if you're going to be consuming
content Flipboard is a great way to do
it all right so my next appt is visco
camera vsc
can I earn a height how it really you
say so right now it does show my Cameron
you can actually see a live view of what
I'm doing there is the microphone I can
go ahead and tap on it I can even set
one for exposure 14 focus but that's not
the coolest thing about the app by going
to tap on a photo I can go ahead and
edit it a great thing about this is that
I've got all these filters that I get to
add if I want I can go ahead and change
how strong it is but that's not all if I
hit this little settings wrench I can
actually change things like my exposure
there's there's a bunch of different
things I can tweak here there are a
bunch of different things you can do
with this app and it is free you can
purchase more filters if you would like
and I actually have and they're great
and they're like 99 cents all right so
last but not least is an app called
fantastical well fantastical is pretty
fantastic how it works is basically
first and foremost it is a calendar app
but the greatest thing in my opinion
about fantastical is its parser engine
so we can go ahead and type in details
about an event and it will automatically
fill in all of these down here you know
like the time where it is you know how
many times we should repeat it etc etc
so what are we going to do
and there we go what it's going to do is
it knows it's on Wednesday it knows it's
you know at the park and it'll tell me
go to the park and it creates this event
and it's it's honestly pretty cool just
how good it is so that is fantastical
like I said the greatest part about it
is it's parser engine I mean it's even
just great using it as a calendar app
you know just viewing events but it's
also great at creating events also
what's your must-have apps please let me
know in the comment section below and
maybe I'll even review a few of them but
that's it for this one guys I will see
you in the next video bye first is going
to be the new autofocus system now this
is a very brand-new from Canon is not in
any other camera at all really is called
their dual pixel AF system